// Array Questions
Here are 20 DSA (Data Structures and Algorithms) questions related to arrays that are relevant for React.js developers:

// Array Questions
Basic - 
    1. Reverse Integer
    2. Find prime number
    3. find palindrom number
    4. fibonacci series
    5. Union of two arrays
    6. occurrences of number in array
    7. find min-max from the array

list - 1
    1. Chunk and Pair of Array elements
    2. Move all zero to end/begining of the Array - using Dutch national flag algorithm
    3. Sort array 0,1,2 format - using Dutch national flag algorithm
    4. Find Kth highest and smallest element from the array
    5. Find sub-max array from the array using kadanes Algorithms
    6. Find Peak element from the array
    7. write pollyfill to get last element of the array
    8. Join array by id

list - 2
    1. Find dublicates elements from the array
    1. Find the first repeating element in an array of integers
    1. Remove dublicates from the sorted array
    2. Two sum
    2. Count pair with given sum
    3. Count pair with given sum => arr = [1,5,7,-1], sum = 6 => pairs are - (1,5) (7,-1)
    4. Find common element from the three arrays
    5. Find missing element from the array
    6. rotate array K times 
    7. Valid paranthesis
    8. Roman to Integer

list - 3
    1. 3Sum 
    2. Euilibrium poin
    3. LRU_Cache
    4. sliding window
    

// String Questions
Here are 20 DSA (Data Structures and Algorithms) questions related to strings that are relevant for React.js developers:
1. How can you reverse a string in JavaScript?
2. Explain the concept of an anagram and how you can check if two strings are anagrams.
3. How can you check if a string is a palindrome?
4. Explain the concept of string permutation and how you can generate all permutations of a string.
5. How can you find the longest common prefix among a set of strings?
6. Explain the concept of string matching algorithms like the Knuth-Morris-Pratt (KMP) algorithm or the Boyer-Moore algorithm.
7. How can you check if a string contains a specific substring?
8. Explain the concept of string compression and how you can compress a string.
9. How can you count the number of occurrences of a specific character in a string?
10. Explain the concept of string manipulation using regular expressions in JavaScript.
11. How can you find the longest substring without repeating characters in a string?
12. Explain the concept of string matching using finite automata, such as the Aho-Corasick algorithm.
13. How can you find the longest palindrome substring in a string?
14. Explain the concept of string manipulation using dynamic programming, such as the Longest Common Subsequence (LCS) algorithm.
15. How can you count the number of words in a string?
16. Explain the concept of string matching using trie data structure.
17. How can you perform string reversal without using built-in string manipulation functions?
18. Explain the concept of string compression using run-length encoding.
19. How can you find the longest repeating substring in a string?
20. Explain the concept of string matching using the Rabin-Karp algorithm.


// ----------------------------- Array Questions ----------------------------------------------------

// Love Babbar DSA sheet Questions
✔ Reverse the array
✔ Find the maximum and minimum element in an array
✔ Find the "Kth" max and min element of an array 
✔ Given an array which consists of only 0, 1 and 2. Sort the array without using any sorting algo
✔ Move all the negative elements to one side of the array 
✔ Find the Union and Intersection of the two sorted arrays.
✔ Write a program to cyclically rotate an array by one.
✔ find Largest sum contiguous Subarray [V. IMP]
Minimise the maximum difference between heights [V.IMP]
Minimum no. of Jumps to reach end of an array
✔ find duplicate in an array of N+1 Integers
✔ Merge 2 sorted arrays without using Extra space.
✔ Kadane's Algo [V.V.V.V.V IMP]
✔ Merge Intervals
✔ Insert Intervals (not from love babbar)
Next Permutation
Count Inversion
Best time to buy and Sell stock
✔ find all pairs on integer array whose sum is equal to given number (2Sum)
✔ find common elements In 3 sorted arrays
Rearrange the array in alternating positive and negative items with O(1) extra space
Find if there is any subarray with sum equal to 0
Find factorial of a large number
find maximum product subarray 
Find longest coinsecutive subsequence
Given an array of size n and a number k, fin all elements that appear more than " n/k " times.
Maximum profit by buying and selling a share atmost twice
Find whether an array is a subset of another array
✔ Find the triplet that sum to a given value (3sum)
Trapping Rain water problem
Chocolate Distribution problem
Smallest Subarray with sum greater than a given value
Three way partitioning of an array around a given value
Minimum swaps required bring elements less equal K together
Minimum no. of operations required to make an array palindrome
Median of 2 sorted arrays of equal size
Median of 2 sorted arrays of different size
✔ (not from love babbar) Equilibrium Point - let arr = [1,2,6,4,0,-1], so the Eq. point is 6 because sum of right side of 6 is 3 and sum of left side is also 3 so 6 is equ. point
✔ Leader In Array (not from love babbar) 
✔ Peak element (not from love babbar) 
✔ Pair of Array element and chunk of array element (not from love babbar) 

// -------------------------  String Questions ----------------------------------------------------------------

✔ Reverse a String
✔ Check whether a String is Palindrome or not
✔ Find Duplicate characters in a string
Write a Code to check whether one string is a rotation of another
Write a Program to check whether a string is a valid shuffle of two strings or not
Count and Say problem
Write a program to find the longest Palindrome in a string.[Longest palindromic Substring]
Find Longest Recurring Subsequence in String
Print all Subsequences of a string.
✔ Print all the permutations of the given string
Split the Binary string into two substring with equal 0’s and 1’s
Word Wrap Problem [VERY IMP].
EDIT Distance [Very Imp]
Find next greater number with same set of digits. [Very Very IMP]
✔ Balanced/Valid Parenthesis problem.[Imp]
Word break Problem[ Very Imp]
✔ Rabin-Karp Algorithm for Pattern Searching
✔ Boyer Moore Algorithm for Pattern Searching
KMP Algo
Convert a Sentence into its equivalent mobile numeric keypad sequence.
Minimum number of bracket reversals needed to make an expression balanced.
Count All Palindromic Subsequence in a given String.
Count of number of given string in 2D character array
Search a Word in a 2D Grid of characters.
✔ Converting Roman Numerals to Decimal
✔ Longest Common Prefix
Number of flips to make binary string alternate
Find the first repeated word in string.
Minimum number of swaps for bracket balancing.
Find the longest common subsequence between two strings.
Program to generate all possible valid IP addresses from given  string.
Write a program to find the smallest window that contains all characters of string itself.
Rearrange characters in a string such that no two adjacent are same
Minimum characters to be added at front to make string palindrome
Given a sequence of words, print all anagrams together
Find the smallest window in a string containing all characters of another string
Recursively remove all adjacent duplicates
String matching where one string contains wildcard characters
Function to find Number of customers who could not get a computer
Transform One String to Another using Minimum Number of Given Operation
Check if two given strings are isomorphic to each other
Recursively print all sentences that can be formed from list of word lists

